#The reason I went for such website layout as I had a look at many other websites which advertise different cities and coutnries and this is usually the layout they go for. 
#I added a footer to my website as otherwise it looked quite plain at the bottom and weird, as the text would finish and that is it. 
#The navigation across the website which I opted in for seems to me the most logical for this laoyout and easily visible for the person using the website which makes it convenient for the user. 
#The biggest challnege for me so far has been aligning everything on the website, creating the layout I want and making it worl cogesivly all together. I really struglled with image allignining at the start as I was still only getting familiar with the different code words and lines that can be used to help me align all the images and text together. It was also a challenge for me to work with the text formating as only after experienting and seeing how "oh when I try to make this font to be 400, why does it not work" or "why when I say bold it doesnt change" actually means that the font chosen may have minimum and maximum size and can be changed either with only words or numbers. That took some search to understand why nothing was changing. 
#I think I made my wesbtie from the start to be very challenging as the first idea I had before I eve started trying out working with html and css was, "I want the name of the city to be on top of the picture of the city", this caused a lot of trouble and many hours for me to get it done. 
#Another challenge that I am across was me having to link the place where I decided to create my website on to GitHub, which took me multiple hours to do and then to also get master rank to be able to do it and then to learn how to commit it all and find the sweet spot of which commits should be done and when a commit can be done slightly later to not do them too often.
#